README.md, before:

# pubgStatz

A Project where we collect and analyze data from PUBG Developer API

## To-Do:
### Iteration 1: 
- [x] Get The API-requests Working
- [x] Get Player data, match data and match telemetry data using the API
- [ ] Save the data to database and sort and categorize it so it can be accessed later
- [ ] Analyze data from the database

### Iteration 2: 
-




## Things and ideas to analyze:
Note: All these things has to be sorted by game mode and map (solo-fpp, duo-fpp, squad-fpp and sanhok, vikendi, erangel and miramar) 
* Correlation between rank, landing location and first circle position
* Correlation between rank, landing location and sixth circle position
* Correlation between rank and jump time vs start time
* Correlation between rank and jump distance from the jump point
* Correlation between rank and jump distance from the flight path
* Correlation between molotov usage and win%
* Correlation between molotov usage and k/d
* Correlation between smoke usage and win%
* Correlation between smoke usage and k/d

Commit message:

added more info to first iteration steps

README.md, after:

# pubgStatz

A Project where we collect and analyze data from PUBG Developer API

## To-Do:
### Iteration 1: 
- [x] Get The API-requests Working
- [x] Get Player data, match data and match telemetry data using the API
- [ ] Save the data to database and sort and categorize it so it can be accessed later
- [ ] Analyze data from the database (in the first iteration this should be done as easily as possible. No front-end, react, js or any other stuff.)

### Iteration 2: 
-




## Things and ideas to analyze:
Note: All these things has to be sorted by game mode and map (solo-fpp, duo-fpp, squad-fpp and sanhok, vikendi, erangel and miramar) 
* Correlation between rank, landing location and first circle position
* Correlation between rank, landing location and sixth circle position
* Correlation between rank and jump time vs start time
* Correlation between rank and jump distance from the jump point
* Correlation between rank and jump distance from the flight path
* Correlation between molotov usage and win%
* Correlation between molotov usage and k/d
* Correlation between smoke usage and win%
* Correlation between smoke usage and k/d
